community.aws 2.6.0 release prep (#1246)
ansible-collections/community.aws: CHANGELOG.rst

- ecs_service - ``deployment_circuit_breaker`` has been added as a supported feature (https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.aws/pull/1215).
- ecs_service - add ``service`` alias to address the ecs service name with the same parameter as the ecs_service_info module is doing (https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.aws/pull/1187).
- ecs_service_info - add ``name`` alias to address the ecs service name with the same parameter as the ecs_service module is doing (https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.aws/pull/1187).

Bugfixes
--------

- ecs_service - fix broken change detect of ``health_check_grace_period_seconds`` parameter when not specified (https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.aws/pull/1212).
- ecs_service - use default cluster name of ``default`` when not input (https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.aws/pull/1212).
- ecs_task - dont require ``cluster`` and use name of ``default`` when not input (https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.aws/pull/1212).
- wafv2_ip_set - fix bug where incorrect changed state was returned when only changing the description (https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.aws/pull/1211).

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add also a `release_summary` similar like that

```yml
release_summary: |-
  This is the last planned stable-2 release of ``community.aws`` collection.  
  Consider to upgrade to stable-3 soon.
```

https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/community/collection_contributors/collection_release_without_branches.html#id4

Author: added.

.. contents:: Topics

v2.6.0
======

Release Summary
---------------

> This is the last planned stable-2 release of ``community.aws`` collection.
> Consider to upgrade to stable-3 soon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is the last planned 2.x release of the ``community.aws`` collection.
Consider upgrading to the latest version of ``community.aws`` soon.
```

Author: Fixed.
